ah nice mark dude
it's a big one
go to work just thank God that
Drake freed us from the anchor
line earlier or we wouldn't be
able to chase the fish down
again I'm going to go get some
baby get some nice work out
it's still like a nice fish here
it's definitely a real one nice
hundred inches
good job Jake you're killing it
tastes like a big boy big boy
big boy big boy big boy
I'm stressed out man you know
the other boats catch fish we
got to start making money
big head shakes all god
right now I'm really worried
we're gonna pull the hook the
fish is changed directions a lot
and that's definitely wearing a
hole in his mouth
anytime of fish makes a lot of
evasive moves there's a good
chance you could pull the hook
we really need this dish is a
nerd rack and white
I got is coming he's coming he's
coming right here right here
right here I'm ready bro I'm
right here
oh no no my bad . stupid
it's just gotta let's get him I
got it right here right here
right here
thanks bad from bags that
well how do you like that baby
wow ok where is God just like
nobody feat money in the bank
the 97 inches
this is a good fish you just
call ourselves a big tuna
all right to have a baby bump it
will baby
we finally got some quality for
your brother it's about time we
got here a bad time for 84 nice
clear cool
isn't that what am I going to
get $15 power
thanks brother forget that i'll
take that all day all right look
at salaries